Triathlon de Nyon 2012 - Olympic distance triathlon

Nyon is another race of the Swiss Triathlon Circuit. I hadn't
done it before, being far away and all, but I got an
offer to hitch a ride with a friend and was sold.

I should mention that this was at the end of a rather
intense week, so I didn't expect too much from the race.

The water temperature was 22.1 C, i.e., exactly above the
treshold for non-wetsuit swims. Terrible news for somebody
like me who can't swim.

During a short warm-up swim, Lake Geneva felt refreshing
and nice. The swim course layout was like this:

Out and back, a short run on the shore, and another out
and back. It was around first half of the first loop where
the water had become super calm around me. A well-known
phenomenon called "the others have swum away". No problem, I
thought.

But there was this stupid running bit between the two loops,
hundreds of people watching; the women had their start about
ten or fifteen minutes after us, so I was very alone for my
intermediate exit.

I have to say that having the audience's undivided attention
has something to it! Maybe they were not up to speed as to
who was where in the race, just clapping for everybody, maybe
that was "pity clapping"... if only the announcer would have
kept his big mouth shut! Explaining my special position in
the race in great detail, even directing an "It isn't easy,
is it?" to me. Thanks a lot, buddy!

Anyway, after that lowlight of my tri career, I went back
into the lake for the second loop. Soon, the fastest women
blasted past me, and at least for the exit I was just one among
many. Never mind that I was "one man among many women", at
least the announcer couldn't single me out anymore!

Happy face says it all:

Arms in the background are female.

The rest is told quickly: the bike was hilly and went okay.

The run was super hot and slower than usual, which I chalked
up to the week before the race:

A nice race overall, just a little too far away and the lake
a little too warm for my taste.

And one announcer everybody could do great without.